(1) VISIBILITY:
"where am i?" nav bar: switches colors after home page. header
under navbar is quite strange. ex/ "academic affairs" header. link: semester
course schedules. new header: "about us" new title: "schedule of classes" so
many different layouts -continuing education -research, grad school, distance
learning(diff bg color) it seems like the "university website" is just a portal
site to a bunch of different pages with assorted layouts, color schemes and
logos some open in new tabs, some don't (ex: ce.louisiana.edu vs
museum.louisiana.edu)

2) LANGUAGE about us page: what the heck is "economic
impact" and "sacs-coc reaffirmation of accreditation" and "strategic plan" and
what's a "university organizational chart"--is that a chart of the different
organizations in the university? the page is a little mixed up, speaking to a
bunch of different users without much organization. the headers that need
explaining are the ones that aren't explained

!!!3) USER IN CONTROL does not always
indicate if it's a link to pdf ex/ about us page vs vistors --> campus map(pdf)
definitely feels like i'm getting jostled around a bunch of different sites and
pdf documents. definitely can't always get back home in one shot because linked
sites don't always have a home link.

(4) CONSISTENCY if the url is
something.louisiana.edu, it should probably use the same template as the global
home. but it doesnt. ex/studyabroad.louisiana.edu how many different templates
are they using??

"news" --> "communications and marketing"
"academics" --> "academic affairs"
"student life" --> "current students"


"about us" navbar on every user portal page. weird.

link styles: (about us) red title, tan
background, black description OR (academic affairs) black title, red linked
description slash sublinks OR red linked title, black description.

(5) ERROR PREVENTION email search relies on users reading the instructions to
prevent error.

(6) RECOGNITION no breadcrumbs
email search page: they do a good job at
letting me know that i probably should not use this tool.

(7) FLEXIBILITY AND
EFFICIENCY direct link to ULink portal for current students on homepage and very
top navigation on other pages not much else...

(8) AESTHETICS sort of half-assed.
home page is nice. but all the stuff they stick in between the sliced home page
thingy doesn't quite follow

(9) ERROR RECOVERY encountered error.
home-->academics-->undergrad and grad programs-->arts-->fastfacts clear
indication of problem with three suggestions also asks user to report the error
but does not give adequate instruction: i don't know who the author of the
referring page is, and the webmaster's email is different from the email in the
site footer. is it the correct email or is this error page itself out of date?
bad error page. schedule of classes-->list of courses-->logon-->cancel

(10) HELP
search and index
